---
layout: mwa_post
category: news
class: page
description:
title: Midweek Apostle 9/27/17 - I am not linking to any documents today so I don't give you any wrong links today
img: frog092417.jpg
caption: Me, after worship&colon; Where do you keep finding these frogs?<br />Shepherd boys&colon; In the window wells! Wanna see?<br />Me&colon; ... Yes.
teaser: It's St. Vincent De Paul's day! Shop a thrift store in his honor.
---

It's St. Vincent De Paul's day! Shop a thrift store in his honor.

Thank you to everyone who expressed care and concern over my voice on Sunday. (In case you weren't around, I have a case of laryngitis.) The stupid virus behind the issue is a stubborn one. It hasn't stopped me yet, but it's kept me from getting up to too much trouble. I'll let you decide if that's a good thing or a bad one. Either way, don't be surprised if I sound like a deflated basketball again this coming Sunday. *Somebody's* got to do it. <!--more-->


## 1.

Speaking of Sunday, though: we're having the first of what I hope is a monthly series of potlucks. Since it's both World Communion Sunday and the weekend we traditionally celebrated the German Dinner, it seemed appropriate to hold it this first Sunday of October. Bring a dish-to-pass: pasta salad, potato dishes, fresh fruit or vegetables, cheese and/or sausage, finger foods, or desserts. I wonder if I can get away with rye bread...?



## 2. 

Also on Sunday: a blessing for food pantry donations. Bring non-perishable food or personal care items in, and we'll take them up to the altar during communion. Thank you as always for your generosity.



## 3.

Also on Sunday! Sunday School! We had to flip weeks due to a water-logged basement, so we'll have Sunday School downstairs on October 1st and 8th. Come for the Christian Education, stay for the rye bread...



## 4.

Women's Fellowship is back! Our first meeting of the 2017-2018 season will be Monday, October 2nd. At 6:30, Peggy Isaacson will share her journey on a mission trip to Africa that was a life-changing experience for her personally. Peggy will share pictures and stories of her mission work in Africa. At 7:30, there will be fellowship, followed by a brief business meeting.

Women's Fellowship will meet again on October 23rd or 24th, when Theresa Mayer will discuss Historical Happenings from the Holyland. Stay tuned for the confirmed date next month!



## 5.

We're still looking for volunteers for the Ronald McDonald House mission trip on October 14th. It'll be rewarding and fun. Who doesn't like a trip to Madison? If you are interested in going, talk to Nancy Beckman (920-418-4484, nancy@curdknives.com) or Joanne Burris (920-894-7552).



## 6.

Scriptures for Sunday:
<ul>
	<li><a href="http://bible.oremus.org/?ql=373536066">Ezekiel 18:1-4,25-32</a></li>
	<li><a href="http://bible.oremus.org/?ql=373536066">Psalm 25:1-9</a></li>
	<li><a href="http://bible.oremus.org/?ql=373536066">Philippians 2:1-13</a></li>
	<li><a href="http://bible.oremus.org/?ql=373536066">Matthew 21:23-32</a></li>
</ul>

O my God, in you I trust; do not let me be put to shame; do not let my enemies exult over me, including stupid, stubborn viruses.


<div class="blessings">Many blessings,<br />
Pastor Dan</div>

<div class="after-box" markdown="1">

### Upcoming Events:

| 10/1 | 10:00 Worship with Communion—Kids' Sunday#! |
|  | Christian Ed meeting to discuss Christmas plans#! |
|  | World Communion Sunday#! |
|  | Church Potluck |
| 10/2 | 7:00 Women's Fellowship |
| 10/8 | 10:00 Worship and Sunday School |
| 10/11 | 7:00 Worship Committee |
| 10/14 | Mission Trip to Ronald McDonald House, Madison |
| 10/15 | 10:00 Worship with Communion—Kids' Sunday#! |
|  | KIVA Sunday |
| 10/22 | 10:00 Worship with "Messy Church#!|
|  | Children's Sabbath |
| 10/29 | 10:00 Worship with Fellowship#! |
|  | Reformation Sunday |

</div>
