---
layout: mwa_post
category: news
class: page
description:
title: Midweek Apostle for 8/30/2017 - Mostly Worship News, To Be Honest
img:
caption:
teaser: BRING YOUR FOOD PANTRY ITEMS AND CHILDREN THIS SUNDAY
---

As the title this week says, I mostly have worship-related news to bring you. You can see the breakdown below.

But first, let's take care of the non-worship items:

## 1.

Church Council meeting minutes! Get your <a href="http://facebook.us13.list-manage2.com/track/click?u=cce5979cb8d714dfb55755a36&id=c35696aaf7&e=b4a5fc0bb8">Church Council meeting minutes</a> for the month of July here!


## 2.

Reminder from last week: don't throw away those giving envelopes! We can recycle them for another year. See Rick Stellick if you run out of them, however.


## 3.

Don't forget our congregational meeting on September 10th to talk about the building. If you haven't RSVP'ed for the sub sandwich lunch afterwards, please let me know, or sign the sheet when it comes around.<!--more-->
 
<hr>

## 4.

Now, on to the worship news.

Let's start by explaining the all-caps teaser above. <strong>On first Sundays, we're bringing back the food pantry blessings!</strong> We'll take donations any old week, of course, but this is a great week in particular to bring in non-perishable food or a personal hygiene item.

Specifically, the Holyland Food Pantry needs black beans, chick peas, navy beans, canned peas, tomato soup, jelly, quick oats, lunch Snackables, sugar, and flour. They also could use shampoo, deodorant, and toothpaste (not that their hygiene is so bad…).


## 5.

<strong>On first and third Sundays, we will have children in worship.</strong> Our intention is to make these Kids' Sundays, with activities and participation in leading worship. For example, this Sunday, I'll ask the kids to bring food pantry donations up during the offering. We'll also have children's bulletins available for them to work on during the service.

<strong>Sunday School will meet on second and fourth Sundays.</strong> Please, parents, don't take the every-other-week schedule as a reason not to attend church when the Sunday School is not in session. Christian education and faith formation continue in worship. We need your kids to join us to get the full benefit of life in the church!


## 6.

I have a rather cryptic note in my planner to pass along communion reminders. I guess I'm supposed to tell you that we're celebrating communion by intinction this week? While my practice is to tear off a piece of bread and give it to recipients as a symbol of God's gift of feeding, just let me know if you'd prefer to take some from the loaf for yourself. As always, all are welcome to receive communion, no questions asked.

<strong>On the third Sunday of this month, we'll have communion around the table.</strong> We'll bring new members into the congregation as well, so I'm hoping we'll all be able to squeeze in around the table.


## 7.

<a href="">Noisy Sundays are returning on ~~fourth~~ third Sundays!</a> Get your change ready to make some jingle!


## 8.

Next-to-last but not least, I've been asked to do a survey about bulletin usage. Specifically, how many of you want one, and how many of could skip it?

<a href="http://facebook.us13.list-manage.com/track/click?u=cce5979cb8d714dfb55755a36&id=8448258c28&e=b4a5fc0bb8">Take the survey</a>. We'll also ask in church.


## 9.

And now [drumroll], the scriptures for the week:
<ul>
	<li><a href="http://facebook.us13.list-manage1.com/track/click?u=cce5979cb8d714dfb55755a36&id=de9962b783&e=b4a5fc0bb8">Jeremiah 15:15-21</a></li>
	<li><a href="http://facebook.us13.list-manage1.com/track/click?u=cce5979cb8d714dfb55755a36&id=de9962b783&e=b4a5fc0bb8">Psalm 26:1-8</a></li>
	<li><a href="http://facebook.us13.list-manage1.com/track/click?u=cce5979cb8d714dfb55755a36&id=de9962b783&e=b4a5fc0bb8">Romans 12:9-21</a></li>
	<li><a href="http://facebook.us13.list-manage1.com/track/click?u=cce5979cb8d714dfb55755a36&id=de9962b783&e=b4a5fc0bb8">Matthew 16:21-28</a></li>
</ul>

Jesus asks his followers to take up their cross and follow him. How do you make your faith in the love of God real in the world?



<div class="blessings">Many blessings,<br />
Pastor Dan</div>

<div class="after-box" markdown="1">

### Upcoming Events:

| 9/3  | 10:00 Worship with Communion—Kids' Sunday |
| 9/6  | 6:30 Wednesday Together @ Beth Miller's |
| 9/10 | 10:00 Worship and Sunday School#! |
|      | Special Congregational Meeting after worship#! |
|      | Sub sandwich lunch |
| 9/13 | 7:00 Council |
| 9/14 | 6:30 Book Club @ Parsonage#! |
|      | A Dog's Purpose by Bruce Cameron |
| 9/16 | 12:00-2:00 Holyland Food Pantry Ice Cream Social |
| 9/17 | 10:00 Worship with Communion—Kids' Sunday#! |
|      | Noisy Sunday! |
| 9/24 | 10:00 Worship and Sunday School |    

</div>
