---
layout: mwa_post
category: news
class: page
description:
title: Midweek Apostle 12/06/17 - St. Nick Edition
img: donations120617.jpg
caption: Diaper Drive Donations
teaser: Say "diaper drive donations" three times fast!
calendar: 
     - date: 12/7
       events: 7&#58;00 Book Club
     - date: 12/10
       events: 9&#58;00 Christmas Eve Rehearsal<br />10&#58;00 Worship and Sunday School<br />5&#58;00 Women's Fellowship Christmas Gathering @ Altona Restaurant
     - date: 12/11
       events: 7&#58;00 Future Building Committee
     - date: 12/13
       events: 6&#58;00 Church Council
     - date: 12/17
       events: 9&#58;00 Christmas Eve Rehearsal<br />10&#58;00 Worship with Communion (Pew)&mdash;Kids' Sunday! <br />Noisy Sunday!
     - date: 12/24
       events: 10&#58;00 Worship<br />Last Sunday in Advent<br />7&#58;00 Christmas Eve Service
     - date: 12/31
       events: 10&#58;00 Worship
---

By now, you've probably heard me say before that the season of Advent looks forward not to Jesus' birth at Christmas, but to his coming at the end of time to judge the living and the dead. And that's even true! You may also have heard me talk about Advent being originally six weeks long, rather than the four we observe now. Surprisingly, this is also true! The tradition of the Advent season began in Spain as a time of fasting, penitence and preparation leading up to baptism on Epiphany (January 6th). It was only later adapted into a season of preparing to meet Christ later in Rome, and not until much later (800 years or so) that it became associated with Christmas. (How Christmas came to be on December 25th is another long and boring story that I will probably tell at the end of the month.)

Whatever its origins, Advent proclaims to us a God who is near to us, and who wants to come near to us. Christians set themselves the task of watching and waiting expectantly for Jesus, of renewing the flame of their longing to meet their Lord and Savior, knowing that God is doing the same for us. God yearns to be with us, now and in the fullness of time.

We often see signs these days reminding us to "keep the Christ in Christmas," which is all well and good. But I hope that you will also be able to spare a few moments in the next few weeks to feel the desire for God again. Ask yourself, "What kind of Jesus do I hope to meet?" and "Do I even really <em>want</em> to meet him?" And if so, "What sort of life should I lead between now and when he comes?" That's the business we are meant to be about in Advent. It doesn't need to be grim, it doesn't even need to be somber. But maybe it should give us a chance to wonder if there's something missing from our lives, if that something might be God, and if it's going to come any time soon.

<!--more-->

## 1.

It's St. Nicholas' Day! Today is the traditional day for many children to post their wish lists to the saint who weirdly morphed into Santa Claus, and to receive new shoes and socks and a small present instead of what they asked for.

In any case, Yes, Virginia, there is a Santa Claus. Or was. He was a bishop in what’s now Turkey in the 4th century. Nicholas was a much-loved saint throughout the medieval period. It’s estimated there were 400 churches dedicated to him in England, and according to Butler's Lives of the Saints, he was probably the second-most depicted saint, after Mary.

You may have heard the story about St. Nicholas providing the dowry for three sisters by throwing bags of gold through a window, which began the tradition of him as the bearer of gifts. What you may not have heard is the alternative: their father, who couldn’t support them, was going to sell them into prostitution. Yes, Virginia, Santa Claus saved three young women from human trafficking. 

It’s said that Nicholas faced down a corrupt judge who had taken a bribe to execute three men, saving their lives. That’s good enough, but it’s also said there were three Roman officers present at this confrontation who also later sentenced to death. They appealed to the emperor to show the same clemency as Nicholas, which worked, and spread the saint’s fame. There’s some other, more dubious traditions, that he was jailed under a persecution but survived to attend the Council of Nicea, where he punched an opposing bishop in the face. That got him deprived of his position temporarily. 

 In any case, it was the story about the three men (or six) saved from execution that really spread. As was often happened in the medieval period, the story got corrupted, until it finally became about three boys captured by an evil butcher, who was going to chop them up and toss them in a brine tub. (George R.R. Martin, eat your heart out.) The story of the three boys got Nicholas associated with children, and the custom grew of giving children gifts on his day.

 One last story. Nicholas’ remains were interred in his cathedral, but when the Saracens took possession of the town it prompted a bidding war for his relics (his corpse) between Venice and Bari. Bari won, and they stole the bones from under the nose of the Greek Christians guardians and translated them to Italy. Meaning, they put him in a fricking box and smuggled him out of the country.

 In sum, when you think about Saint Nick, think about a guy who:

- Stood against the sexual abuse of women
- Opposed the death penalty
- Punched bishops
- Had his corpse stolen

Merry Christmas, you jolly old elf!

## 2.

Thank you to everyone who came to hang the greens on Sunday, stayed to participate in Commitment Sunday, or who rehearsed for our Christmas Eve service after worship! There's a lot going on this time of year (including, but not limited to, Packers home games at noon), and your willingness to put church first is appreciated!

## 3.

Speaking of lots going on, you're invited to the Women's Fellowship Christmas party!


Sunday, December 10th

Altona Restaurant, New Holstein 

5:00 p.m. - Social 

5:30 p.m. - Dinner - Buffet for $9.99 plus tax, tip and drink

BBQ Ribs, Breaded Chicken, Fried Shrimp, Pork, Fettuccine, Tenderloin Tips, Mashed Potatoes, Vegetables, Gravy, with Soup &amp; Salad Bar 

6:30 p.m. - Advent Reflections, Christmas Games and Prizes 

Hoping you can join us for an evening of great food, conversation, fun and fellowship. 

## 4.

Via Sue Schultz, an announcement from the Chilton Optimists Club:
<blockquote>
CHRISTMAS LIGHT SHOW COMING TO CALUMET COUNTY
A new Christmas Light show titled “Delightfully Chilton” will be premiered in December 2017 at the Hobart Park/Calumet County Fairgrounds in Chilton. Delightfully Chilton is a joint venture of ten organizations in Calumet County who have come together to present a drive through Christmas light show choreographed to holiday music. Ten 150-foot displays with various themes boasting over 100,000 lights can be viewed while driving through the northern portion of the Calumet County Fairgrounds. The public is invited to view the light displays on Friday and Saturdays in December from 5:00 p.m.-9:00 p.m. Admission will be a can food donation. Donated food will be distributed to Calumet County food pantries. Monetary donations will be accepted for future growth of Delightfully Chilton and the participating organizations. For further information, please like us on Facebook at Delightfully Chilton or refer to the website at <a href="http://www.delightfullychilton.com">www.delightfullychilton.com</a>.
</blockquote>

## 5.

Reminders (last week for these):

- Please don't leave any kind of donations in the downstairs meeting room at the parsonage, whether for the Holyland Food Pantry, books, or other items. Stuff has a way of accumulating in that space, and we don't know what to do with it.

- I've decided to discontinue the use of my personal email address for church business. Please send them all to the church address: stpaulsmalone@gmail.com. You may get an automatic reminder to that effect. If you have an emergency or need a quick response on something, feel free to give me a call. This helps me be away from work when I am away, if that makes any sense.


## 6.


This week's scriptures:

<ul>
  <li><a href="http://bible.oremus.org/?ql=379591688">Isaiah 40:1-11</a></li>
  <li><a href="http://bible.oremus.org/?ql=379591688">Psalm 85:1-2, 8-13</a></li>
  <li><a href="http://bible.oremus.org/?ql=379591688">2 Peter 3:8-15a</a></li>
  <li><a href="http://bible.oremus.org/?ql=379591688">Mark 1:1-8</a></li>
</ul>

John the Baptist was...uh...<em>unique</em>.

<div class="blessings">Many blessings,<br />
Pastor Dan</div>
<br />
<br />
<div class="after-box">

<h3>Upcoming Events:</h3>
{% capture page_events %}
{{ page.calendar }}
{% endcapture %}

{% include events.html content=page_events %}

{% include hfp_needs.html %}

{% capture page_date %}
{{ page.date | date: '%j' }}
{% endcapture %}

{% include birthday.html content=page_date %}
