---
layout: mwa_post
category: news
class: page
description:
title: Midweek Apostle 11/28/17 - Late Late Late
img: aebleskiver.jpg
caption: Aebleskiver
teaser: OH HEY EVERYBODY LOOK WHO'S IN THE PAPER
calendar: 
     - date: 12/3
       events: 8&#58;30 Hanging of the Greens<br />10&#58;00 Worship with Communion<br />Kids' Sunday! <br />First Sunday in Advent<br /><strong>Commitment Sunday</strong>
     - date: 12/4
       events: 6&#58;30 Advent Concert at Willowdale
     - date: 12/10
       events: 10&#58;00 Worship and Sunday School<br />5&#58;00 Women's Fellowship Christmas Gathering @ Altona Restaurant
     - date: 12/11
       events: 7&#58;00 Future Building Committee
     - date: 12/13
       events: 6&#58;00 Church Council
     - date: 12/17
       events: 10&#58;00 Worship with Communion (Pew)&mdash;Kids' Sunday! <br />Noisy Sunday!
     - date: 12/24
       events: 10&#58;00 Worship<br />Last Sunday in Advent<br />7&#58;00 Christmas Eve Service
---

OH HEY LOOK, IT'S <a href="http://www.fdlreporter.com/story/news/local/action-advertiser/2017/11/28/learn-how-make-danish-aebleskiver-fond-du-lac-public-library/889544001/">A LEARNING OPPORTUNITY</a> AT THE FOND DU LAC PUBLIC LIBRARY
<blockquote>
  In Denmark, the holidays are marked with the presentation of a steaming-hot plate of aebleskivers, spherical “pancake puffs” cooked in a special cast-iron skillet and served with lemon juice, syrup and jam. <br /><br />

  Daniel Schultz will demonstrate the steps to making these delicacies at the 6 p.m. Tuesday, Dec. 19, Breads of the World class at the Fond du Lac Public Library’s Idea Studio. The class is free and open to adults and teens age 13 and older.<br /><br />

  Registration is required and begins at 9:30 a.m. Tuesday, Dec. 5, at fdlpl.org, click “Calendar.”<br /><br />

  Schultz will be sharing the recipe that was handed down by his Danish grandmother, Mrs. C.J. Warming. Schultz, of Fond du Lac, is pastor of St. Paul’s United Methodist Church in Malone.
</blockquote>

WAIT WHAT NO (I am working on a correction.)

<!--more-->

Now on to the more serious stuff, mostly:

## 1.

December 3rd is the First Sunday in Advent, which is more than just the beginning of the countdown to Christmas (more on that next week). It's the start of the Christian year! Traditionally, each liturgical year concentrates on one of the three "synoptic" gospels&mdash;Matthew, Mark, and Luke&mdash;with bits of the gospel of John read throughout every year. 2017-2018 will focus on the Gospel of Mark.

Mark is believed to be first gospel, written in a very rough Greek as original eyewitnesses to the ministry of Jesus began to pass away. Traditionally, Mark was said to be St. Peter's translator while Peter was jailed in Rome, and to have recorded the apostle's memories. Later, Matthew and Luke would correct, expand upon, and add to Mark's text from their own material. Mark's gospel is distinctive for its brevity, sometimes baffling stories, and for its repeated themes: Jesus' determination to keep his nature as the messiah secret, the failings of the disciples, and the crucifixion and resurrection as keys to understanding who Jesus truly was. Like any of the gospels, it contains many beautiful parts and many challenging sections, too.

We'll get to know Mark a little better of the course of the coming year. Hope you'll tune in, and come back next week to hear about Advent!

## 2.

This is what happens when you rush: I mentioned the <a href="https://stpaulsmalone.org/documents/0917Council.pdf">September</a> and <a href="https://stpaulsmalone.org/documents/1017Council.pdf">October</a> Council minutes in last week's email, then promptly forgot to link to them. Sigh. Follow those links to see them, or check out the printed copies in the back of church. Talk to Ann to check on the financial reports.

## 3.

Speaking of financial reports: Commitment Sunday is coming right up! I will be talking about stewardship, and we'll ask you to fill out a commitment card for the coming year. Please consider prayerfully and generously how much you can offer. St. Paul's is an amazing place doing amazing work, and it needs all the support it can get.

## 4.

Via Sue Schultz, an announcement from the Chilton Optimists Club:
<blockquote>
CHRISTMAS LIGHT SHOW COMING TO CALUMET COUNTY
A new Christmas Light show titled “Delightfully Chilton” will be premiered in December 2017 at the Hobart Park/Calumet County Fairgrounds in Chilton. Delightfully Chilton is a joint venture of ten organizations in Calumet County who have come together to present a drive through Christmas light show choreographed to holiday music. Ten 150-foot displays with various themes boasting over 100,000 lights can be viewed while driving through the northern portion of the Calumet County Fairgrounds. The public is invited to view the light displays on Friday and Saturdays in December from 5:00 p.m.-9:00 p.m. Admission will be a can food donation. Donated food will be distributed to Calumet County food pantries. Monetary donations will be accepted for future growth of Delightfully Chilton and the participating organizations. For further information, please like us on Facebook at Delightfully Chilton or refer to the website at <a href="http://www.delightfullychilton.com">www.delightfullychilton.com</a>.
</blockquote>

## 5.

Reminders:

- Please don't leave any kind of donations in the downstairs meeting room at the parsonage, whether for the Holyland Food Pantry, books, or other items. Stuff has a way of accumulating in that space, and we don't know what to do with it.

- I've decided to discontinue the use of my personal email address for church business. Please send them all to the church address: stpaulsmalone@gmail.com. You may get an automatic reminder to that effect. If you have an emergency or need a quick response on something, feel free to give me a call. This helps me be away from work when I am away, if that makes any sense.

- Hanging of the Greens at 8:30 this Sunday morning; Christmas Eve rehearsals begin after worship.

- Women's Fellowship is holding their annual Christmas Party at the Altona in New Holstein starting at 5:00 p.m., December 10th.

## 6.

During the month of November, the Mission Committee is sponsoring a
Thanksgiving Drive. We are asking  St. Paul's UCC Church member/families 
to donate diapers (sizes 1, 4, 5, 6), baby wipes and toilet paper to be distributed to our Holyland Food Pantry families. Donations can be brought to church. Also, monetary donations are being accepted. There is a container for monetary donations on the counter when you enter church. 

## 7.

This week's scriptures:

<ul>
  <li><a href="http://bible.oremus.org/?ql=378994743">Isaiah 64:1-9</a></li>
  <li><a href="http://bible.oremus.org/?ql=378994743">Psalm 80:1-7, 17-19</a></li>
  <li><a href="http://bible.oremus.org/?ql=378994743">1 Corinthians 1:3-9</a></li>
  <li><a href="http://bible.oremus.org/?ql=378994743">Mark 13:24-37</a></li>
</ul>

Advent begins with a bang, always.

<div class="blessings">Many blessings,<br />
Pastor Dan</div>
<br />
<br />
<div class="after-box">

<h3>Upcoming Events:</h3>
{% capture page_events %}
{{ page.calendar }}
{% endcapture %}

{% include events.html content=page_events %}

{% include hfp_needs.html %}

{% capture page_date %}
{{ page.date | date: '%j' }}
{% endcapture %}

{% include birthday.html content=page_date %}
