---
layout: mwa_post
category: news
class: page
description:
title: Midweek Apostle 12/13/17 - First Snow of the Year
img: bells121317.jpg
caption: Bells from Concert Night at Willowdale
teaser: Joy to the World, a little early!
calendar: 
     - date: 12/17
       events: 9&#58;00 Christmas Eve Rehearsal<br />10&#58;00 Worship with Communion (Pew)&mdash;Kids' Sunday! <br />Noisy Sunday!
     - date: 12/24
       events: 9&#58;00 Christmas Eve Rehearsal<br />10&#58;00 Worship<br />Last Sunday in Advent<br />7&#58;00 Christmas Eve Service
     - date: 12/31
       events: 10&#58;00 Worship
     - date: 1/7
       events: 10&#58;00 Worship with Communion (Intinction)—Kids' Sunday<br />Epiphany Sunday
     - date: 1/8
       events: 7&#58;00 Worship Committee
     - date: 1/14
       events: 10&#58;00 Worship and Sunday School
     - date: 1/20
       events: 4&#58;45 Pastor Dan preaching at St. John’s, Johnsburg
     - date: 1/21
       events: 8&#58;00 Pastor Dan preaching at St. Cloud<br />10&#58;00 Worship with Communion (Table)<br />Noisy Sunday!<br />Father Gary preaching<br />Potluck after worship
     - date: 1/24
       events: 7&#58;00 Future Building Committee
     - date: 1/28
       events: 10&#58;00 Worship<br />Annual Meeting after worship
---

This Sunday we will celebrate Gaudete Sunday, the week in Advent when Christians pause to reflect on the joy of Jesus' presence in the world. The color of the day is pink (rose), which always leads to me laughing uncharitably at my Catholic and Episcopal colleagues who have to dress up for the day. It's joy, of a sort.

I'll talk about a particular kind of joy on Sunday, and I'd like to ask you to spend a little time thinking about what the joy of Jesus being born into the world means to you. No, seriously: I'm going to ask you to write down your answers, which will be the source of my reflection on Christmas Eve. Stay tuned: this ought to be fun.

Let me talk here for a moment about something that might seem like the opposite of joy. I've recently started participating in the Fond du Lac County Suicide Prevention Task Force, part of a larger effort to reduce suicides nationally. It's a relevant issue: Fond du Lac has about 13 completed suicides per 100,000 people, anywhere from 13-20 in any given year. That's about average for both Wisconsin and the US as a whole. But we know that rates are increasing, and they are markedly higher among veterans, white men, and people who live in rural areas. In fact, the profession with the highest rate of completed suicides<sup>1</sup> is farmers, who kill themselves at a rate more than double that of veterans.

The reasons for the recent surge aren't fully understood, but it's clear that now is the time to act. Suicide <em>is</em> preventable.

Gee, Pastor you might say. This sounds like a strange thing to talk about in the midst of a joyful season. But in fact I do find great hope and joy in this work. What greater testament to the peace and love of Jesus Christ for all humanity could you find than helping someone find the resources to continue their lives? And it's simple and direct. In fact, I hope to teach you all ways to spot and assist people who are struggling. Turns out you don't have to be a psychiatrist and you don't have to be a hero to save a life. And for me, helping <em>you</em> help somebody else is indeed a great joy.

Again, stay tuned. There's more to come.

<sup>1</sup>Notice the use of "completed" here. I try not to talk about "committing" suicide&mdash;it's a tragedy, not a sin.

<!--more-->

## 1.

Via Sue Schultz:

<blockquote>Christmas Church Bus Tour of Seven Churches in Fond du Lac 
  
  Wednesday, December 27, 2017 (there will be no snow date) 
  
  Bus Pick-Up -
  
  9:00 a.m. - Malone Heritage Museum, Malone
   
  Will tour seven churches in Fond du Lac  - view Christmas decorations
  
  Lunch will be served at Faros Restaurant in Fond du Lac.
  Pay for your lunch at the restaurant - cost is $12.00. 
  
  Bus will drop off tour guests at Malone Heritage Museum at 4:30 p.m.
  
  Reservations can be made with John Bertram at 920-795-4776</blockquote>

Sue, are they stopping at St. Paul's?

## 2.

Not to say too much, and not to scare anyone, but it looks like there will be a signficant gap between church income and expenses in 2018. The Council is deciding how to address the situation, but we can start with this: if you have not already returned a commitment card to Rick Stellick or Ann Martin, please pray on what you can offer and let them know. Every little bit helps.

## 3.

Via Sue Schultz, an announcement from the Chilton Optimists Club:
<blockquote>
CHRISTMAS LIGHT SHOW COMING TO CALUMET COUNTY
A new Christmas Light show titled “Delightfully Chilton” will be premiered in December 2017 at the Hobart Park/Calumet County Fairgrounds in Chilton. Delightfully Chilton is a joint venture of ten organizations in Calumet County who have come together to present a drive through Christmas light show choreographed to holiday music. Ten 150-foot displays with various themes boasting over 100,000 lights can be viewed while driving through the northern portion of the Calumet County Fairgrounds. The public is invited to view the light displays on Friday and Saturdays in December from 5:00 p.m.-9:00 p.m. Admission will be a can food donation. Donated food will be distributed to Calumet County food pantries. Monetary donations will be accepted for future growth of Delightfully Chilton and the participating organizations. For further information, please like us on Facebook at Delightfully Chilton or refer to the website at <a href="http://www.delightfullychilton.com">www.delightfullychilton.com</a>.
</blockquote>

## 4.

I've been talking about apocalypses the last couple of weeks, so naturally <a href="https://grapevine.is/news/2017/11/13/ikea-christmas-goat-under-247-guard/">this story</a> caught my eye. It seems that every year the Swedish home-furnishing company IKEA puts up a straw goat outside its store in Reykjavik, Iceland. (I have no idea why.) And just about every year, the goat burns or is otherwise destroyed. That led a local paper to conclude:
<blockquote>
  The Grapevine does not support pyromaniacs, but we also don’t support the Apocalypse. In the ‘Book of Revelations’ the Beast of Earth is described as having “two horns like a lamb”, so not a lamb, but lamb adjacent, i.e. goat.

So we are not saying the goat should be burned, but we should not rule out the possibility that not burning it will mark the end of days.

Save us Jebus.
</blockquote>

Take that as you will.

## 5.

This week's scriptures:

<ul>
  <li><a href="http://bible.oremus.org/?ql=380196930">Isaiah 61:1-4, 8-11</a></li>
  <li><a href="http://bible.oremus.org/?ql=380196930">Luke 1:46b-55</a></li>
  <li><a href="http://bible.oremus.org/?ql=380196930">1 Thessalonians 5:16-24</a></li>
  <li><a href="http://bible.oremus.org/?ql=380196930">John 1:6-8, 19-28</a></li>
</ul>

Mary rejoices in God because he casts down the wealthy and lifts up the poor, which is awkward.

<div class="blessings">Many blessings,<br />
Pastor Dan</div>
<br />
<br />
<div class="after-box">

<h3>Upcoming Events:</h3>
{% capture page_events %}
{{ page.calendar }}
{% endcapture %}

{% include events.html content=page_events %}

{% include hfp_needs.html %}

{% capture page_date %}
{{ page.date | date: '%j' }}
{% endcapture %}

{% include birthday.html content=page_date %}

