---
layout: mwa_post
category: news
class: page
description:
title: Midweek Apostle 2/21
img: building022118.jpg
caption: Hey, that's OUR church
teaser: Are you wearing purple for Lent
calendar:
     - date: 2/21
       events: 6&#58;30 Lenten Soup &amp; Learning
     - date: 2/25
       events: 10&#58;00 Worship and Sunday School<br />Installation of Church Officers
     - date: 2/26
       events: 7&#58;00 Church Council
     - date: 2/28
       events: 6&#58;30 Lenten Soup &amp; Learning
     - date: 3/4
       events: 10&#58;00 Worship with Communion<br />Kids Sunday!
     - date: 3/5
       events: 7&#58;00 Worship Committee?
     - date: 3/7
       events: 6&#58;30 Lenten Soup &amp; Learning
     - date: 3/11
       events: 10&#58;00 Worship and Sunday School<br />Rev. Kerri Parker from Wisconsin Council of Churches preaching
     - date: 3/12
       events: 1&#58;00 Pastor Dan at Community of Practice Meeting
     - date: 3/14
       events: 6&#58;30 Lenten Soup &amp; Learning
     - date: 3/16
       events: Holyland Food Pantry Distribution
     - date: 3/18
       events: 10&#58;00 Worship with Communion (Table) <br />Kids Sunday!
     - date: 3/19
       events: 6&#58;30/7&#58;00 Women's Fellowship<br />Lucy Boll speaking
     - date: 3/21
       events: 6&#58;30 Lenten Soup &amp; Learning
     - date: 3/25
       events: 10&#58;00 Worship and Sunday School<br />Palm Sunday
---
{% if page.img !=null %}
<span class="caption">{{ page.caption }}</span>
{% endif %}

In case you missed the congregational meeting this past Sunday, here's the Cliff Notes version: the Building Committee was asked to look at three options:

1. A small addition to the church, accommodating only a new entry and accessible restroom.<br />
2. A larger addition including space for fellowship, Christian education, meetings and offices.<br />
3. A completely new facility.

Of these three, the Committee decided to eliminate the first, feeling that the benefit would not justify the cost. Tom Meiklejohn (architect) and Don Diedrichs (builder) presented on the last two. Tom's <a href="/documents/buildingplans.pdf">architectural drawings</a> and Don's <a href="/documents/buildingcosts.pdf">estimate of costs</a> are available on the St. Paul's website.

As I stressed at the meeting, there isn't really a perfect option for us, only options with their own pluses and minuses. Adding on to our present sanctuary might cost "only" $645,000, but that's assuming we could get the building variances we need. Remodeling the existing building to match the new space and update the infrastructure would cost another $175,000 for a grand total of $820,000.

Meanwhile, a new building would cost in the neighborhood of $1.3 *million*, plus the cost of purchasing land. On the other hand, that would be a brand-new building on one level, and perhaps in a more visible location.<sup>1</sup>

Those are big numbers, scary. Every last one of us took a deep breath when we heard them. Obviously, this decision is one that deserves some careful consideration before being made. To that end, the Building Committee suggested (and the meeting agreed) holding another series of cottage meetings, in which small groups of members can ask detailed questions and generally chew things over. Later this spring, then, the congregation will reconvene to take the next step forward, whatever that might be.

In the meantime, keep praying and keep asking questions, to me, or to the members of the Building Committee. We're here to listen.

<sup>1</sup>A few people have expressed curiosity about where we might find a new location for the church. The Committee isn't really keeping this a secret. It's more *confidential*: we don't have any firm offers, let alone agreements. Given that and Malone's ever-thriving rumor mill, we decided that it would be best not to disclose who we've been in touch with just yet. We'll let everyone know just as soon as we can.

<a href="/news/{{ page.date | date: "%Y/%m/%d" }}/MwA/#after" class="reminders mcignore">dates and reminders</a>

<!--more-->

## 1.

The Holyland Food Pantry list of needs has been updated! <a href="{{ site.baseurl }}/hfp/">Check it out</a>.

## 2.

<strong>St. Paul's UCC Women's Fellowship March Meeting</strong>

Monday March 19th 

Speaker: Lucy Boll - Mission Trip to India

April Meeting - Date To Be Determined

Program: Lori Schmitz - K-12 Learning Trends, #trending now: Blogs, Technology and Social Media in the Classrooms of our Children

## 3. 

It's already time to ask our church members for their Church Easter Flower 
Order:

Price is $8.00 per flower ordered for 2018 Easter Season

Choices are:

- Daffodils
- Easter Lilly
- Tulips
- Mums ($11.00 each)

<em>All flowers will be in six inch pots with pastel colored foil paper surrounding the 
 flower pot.</em> 

Orders are due to Piggly Wiggly at Kiel by Tuesday, February 27. See Barb Mills on Ash Wednesday or the first two Sundays in Lent to fill out your order form.

Unfortunately, my cats will just eat any flowers we bring home.

## 4.

Check out these amazing photographs of <a href="https://www.lensculture.com/articles/thomas-freteur-the-faithful">worshipers in rural Haiti</a>.

## 5.

We've already talked about our core value of *hospitality*, and I could write a book on the subject, so I'll try to limit myself here. Hospitality at its essential level is welcoming strangers into our midst, and we are fiercely proud of our ability to do this. During our cottage meetings, several people mentioned how much they valued being accepted for who they were at St. Paul's, without expectation of change. Other pointed to our open communion table as a strength (and I agree). In a sense, for us, the value of hospitality grows out of the value of community. Like any strong and healthy family, our boundaries are permeable: we take in new members, and let others leave to find their way in the world.

We also seem to be aware that hospitality doesn't have to be a passive thing. Again, in the cottage meetings, many people spoke about the need to be proactive in welcoming young families into the life of the church. Others talked about wanting to raise St. Paul's profile, for lack of a better word, to let people know that we're here.

We can talk about ways to advertise, to do outreach, and I hope you will participate when we get around to some of these activities. But the most effective way to reach out turns out to be good old-fashioned *talking* and *listening*. If you enjoy what goes on here at St. Paul's, if you find it exciting or refreshing or meaningful, tell somebody! You don't even have to ask them to come. Just let them know what you've experienced. If they're interested and available, sooner or later, they'll come on their own. 

As for listening: it turns out again that there's no deeper welcome than simply to be heard. Do me (and yourself) a favor: talk to somebody you don't know very well after church next Sunday. Ask them about their work, their home, their kids, and listen&mdash;really listen&mdash;to their answers, without thinking about what you want to say in response. Get curious, get friendly, and get open. (And if you think you already are, challenge yourself to see if you really are. It's surprisingly easy not to be.)

## 6.

Holy birds! You may have spotted a line of paper cranes crossing the sanctuary. 150 of them were installed by the Beckman family over the weekend. It's part of a Worship Committee project to fold 1,000 cranes for peace and healing, a Japanese tradition popularized by the novel <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sadako_and_the_Thousand_Paper_Cranes">Sadako and the Thousand Paper Cranes</a>. We invite you to participate as we work toward our goal by August of this year.

## 7.

This week's scriptures:

<ul>
  <li><a href="http://bible.oremus.org/?ql=386247634">Genesis 17:1-7, 15-16</a></li>
  <li><a href="http://bible.oremus.org/?ql=386247634">Psalm 22:23-31</a></li>
  <li><a href="http://bible.oremus.org/?ql=386247634">Romans 4:13-25</a></li>
  <li><a href="http://bible.oremus.org/?ql=386247634">Mark 8:31-38</a></li>
</ul>

Get thee behind me, Satan!

## 8.

Oh, and hey! Remember I reported a couple of weeks back that a cougar had been spotted near Rosendale? Well, guess what: <a href="https://l.facebook.com/l.php?u=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.jsonline.com%2Fstory%2Fcommunities%2Fwest%2Fnews%2Fbrookfield%2F2018%2F02%2F19%2Fcougar-makes-its-way-right-up-brookfield-home%2F351479002%2F&h=ATObyqii5BrMc7fIlhdvI1Nr_K14Am3xUOuSTFjH9OtIRG_k2PzkVYyG-pK9vZRHgqHsEyRrHgFDKPESr5nKaEa3GVHbz4JDyuvsxAKdz65NYdhq0TWiNRs6XRu8aRuI2otT_aSOzeggZQsnvQgqIP-2xM8Raqf8jaoDQxTadgac7CGonyNtwCTWscIxrDw5q0U1yh6tO5szJe4DSjTDpAN8U-1iY6RybzaUcWESsRcz">he's back</a>, this time peeping in windows down by Brookfield.



<div class="blessings">Many blessings,<br />
Pastor Dan</div>
<br />
<br />
<div class="after-box">

<a class="anchor" id="after" name="after"><h3>Quick Reminders:</h3></a>
<ul>
 <li>The Farm Toy and Craft Show will be held March 11th at the New Holstein High School. See https://www.facebook.com/FarmToyCraftShow for more details.</li>
 <li>If you know someone from the Holyland who was killed serving our nation, or who is listed as missing in action, please contact John Bertram at bertramjm@gmail.com or Dan Bord at danl1@charter.net so their name can be added to a memorial.</li>
 <li>Don't forget that you can <a href="http://www.stpaulsmalone.org/prayer/#add-prayers">submit prayer requests</a> to our Prayer Chain</li>
 <li>Large-print bulletins and a hearing loop are available for worship.</li>
</ul>

<h3>Upcoming Events:</h3>
{% capture page_events %}
{{ page.calendar }}
{% endcapture %}

{% include events.html content=page_events %}

{% include hfp_needs.html %}

{% capture page_date %}
{{ page.date | date: '%j' }}
{% endcapture %}

{% include birthday.html content=page_date %}

<h3>Please be in prayer for:</h3>

<div class="js-comments">
 {% assign prayers = site.data.prayers | sort %}
 
 {% for prayer in prayers reversed %}
  {% assign prayerData = prayer[1] %}

  <article class="prayer mdl-card mdl-shadow--2dp">
       <div class="prayer__message">
        {{ prayerData.message | markdownify }}
       </div> 
</article>
 {% endfor %}
<p><a href="http://www.stpaulsmalone.org/prayer/#add-prayers">Add a prayer to our list</a></p>
</div>

